Initiate merged report and write intro (#629)
AlexsLemonade/scpca-nf: templates/merge-report.Rmd

---
params:
  merge_group: "example_group"
  merged_sce: NULL
  batch_column: "library_id"

> title: "`r glue::glue('Merge report for {params$merge_group}')`"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: "`r glue::glue('ScPCA Merged report for {params$merged_group}')`"
```

> author: "CCDL"

Reviewer: To match the other reports:

```suggestion
author: "Childhood Cancer Data Lab"
```

date: "`r params$date`"
output:
  html_document:
    toc: true
    toc_depth: 2
    toc_float:
      collapsed: false
    number_sections: false
    code_download: true
---

> ```{r, echo=FALSE, results='asis'}

Reviewer: Let's define this chunk as unevaluated with a label, and then call it with `eval=TRUE` in the 2 spots where we'll need it.
Reference: https://bookdown.org/yihui/rmarkdown-cookbook/reuse-chunks.html#same-label

glue::glue("
    <div class=\"alert alert-warning\">

>     Caution: The libraries included in the merged object are NOT integrated or batch-corrected.

Reviewer: More yelling (I think `<b>` should work for bold, but please check!)

```suggestion
    <b>CAUTION: The libraries included in the merged object are NOT integrated or batch-corrected.</b>
```

    </div>
  ")
```

This report includes a brief summary of all libraries included in the merged object for `r params$merge_group`.

> This merged object is intended to allow for downstream analyses across multiple samples.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This merged object is intended to facilitate for downstream analyses across multiple samples.
```

> However, the merged object has NOT been integrated or batch-corrected. 

Reviewer: Let's add a new line for emphasis so this text doesn't get too buried, with some italics for more yelling? Is this too much yelling..? Is there such a thing as too much yelling here?

FYI I'm also removing `However` because this isn't really a contradiction of the previous statement, just another statement!

```suggestion

_The libraries in this merged object have not been integrated or batch-corrected._
```

Reviewer: Should we actually make this directly match the yellow box with `"included in"` instead of just `"in"`? I'm not sure it matters much. But, I do think we should refer to the libraries and not the object itself.

> To conduct any downstream analyses that require batch correction (e.g., UMAP or clustering), batch correction must be calculated separately. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To conduct any downstream analyses that require batch correction (e.g., UMAP or clustering), batch correction must be performed separately. 
```

```{r setup, message = FALSE, echo = FALSE}
# knitr options
knitr::opts_chunk$set(
  echo = FALSE
)

library(SingleCellExperiment)
library(ggplot2)

# Set default ggplot theme
theme_set(
  theme_bw() +
    theme(plot.margin = margin(rep(20, 4)))
)
```

```{r}
# check that input files are provided
if (is.null(params$merged_sce)) {
  stop("Must provide a merged SCE object.")
}

# define batch column
batch_column <- params$batch_column

> ```

Reviewer: Can we move these lines up to be right after the YAML? We should define the `setup` chunk first, and we'll fail a smidge faster.
